[Autogenerated] I believe that that immigration's are pretty interesting
and important topic when we're building with persistence.
So it is.
Module will start to understand what that immigration is our.
Then we'll create monk.
Oh, that immigration is in spring applications.
I will finish the demo on which would implement migrations.
Spring up using a library cold mongo Be.
But let's start at the beginning.
Let's look at the universal truth data changes over time, period.
No matter on what project you're working on,
no matter what technology use, the data is going to change.
If you're planning to host an application in production for a
given amount of time and the changes are gradual,
we'll start with an initial other structure.
At some point in time,
you're going to create a relationship between some
documents because it makes more sense.
Or maybe we have to add new feels your documents to
accommodate new business requirements.
Literal one you might rename some feels to make them match the business domain.
Or you might change collections altogether.
You might add a new collection, sitting with old ones or rename existing ones.
The point is that data will always change,
and in a production application would have multiple changes.
But wait a minute.
Why are we discussing about data migrations?
Italy pick Mongo Deby because it has no skin.
My enforcements.
Well, that's right.
A nautical leather bass has most Emma so that our
migrations are easier to apply.
However, you're also working on a spring application on a job application,
so you always have to take into account that you need to reconsider.
Eat, making your mongo documents and your job objects.
The structure of the Mongol documents needs to be
reflected in your Java objects, and when you migrate data,
these things don't to be out of think.
A change in a manga document will impact the
civilization and this realization process.
A change in a Mongol document will also impact some quests.
You saw that when you're working with Manco templates,
you're basically using strings to define property names.
Well, if you're documenting Manco changes, then those queries will be affected.
Last finalist will change collections.
This also impact queries,
so you feel you need to keep the Mongol structure and your Java structure.
You think that's why we're talking about Mongo migrations?
Not because my body be can handle them because he can.
But because your application is toe, handle them gracefully.
There are a couple of triggers that will signal when you need to implement
that immigration document changes are the most frequent.
Collection changes come second,
and sometimes you might have to do a complete that are based migration.
But that's not happening very often.
Most of time documents change.
So if that's the case, how do you implement this migration?
While we have a couple of options,
you can use manual migrations in scripts and modify the database directly.
Or you might create a migration comparing yourself using Java,
our any other technology.
Or we can use an existing framework.
I highly discouraged to your script as a way to implement migrations.
I've been there, I've done that.
And trust me, it's not a road that you want to walk upon.
We'll end up having multiple versions of the
application deployed at various customers,
and then you have to figure out how to migrate.
Data from version eight version be from version Beta Version D,
and the list can go on.
It's a nightmare.
You don't want to do it.
What you want to do is you want tohave?
A component that does this for you automatically doesn't matter,
refusing a framework or if you're creating it yourself.
And if you're using a component,
there are a couple of characteristics that you need to look at.
First of all, that component should have version detection.
It should detect an existing database version and a
great the newest version automatically.
He should also be easy to configure and to set up
ordered data changes and has been a list.
You should have extensive logging because you want to audit
all the migration that have been applied.
Now the most important feature, I think,
is automatic version detection,
and it's kind of the most important one toe have
because you have your application,
which is as Version one database isn't seeing with your application.
But then we're upgrading the application to Version two,
and you want to deploy it to the particular customer.
The application will try to connect to the existing database,
which is now at version one.
However, this is not going to be possible.
So that component, Mr Trigger,
a data migration on the database after the migration complete,
will have a new database upgraded to match with your application version.
So then your application can save to communicate
with the updated data structures.
That's how automatic database version mechanisms work, and your component should definitely have this feature.